License expired.

Node: warrior1, Instance: TRYCACHE

USER>ZN "VISTA"

VISTA>D ^%SYS.MONLBL
[H[J
  WARNING ! Starting the line-by-line monitor will enable the collection
  of statistics for *every* line of code executed by the selected routines
  and processes. This can have a significant impact on the performance of a
  system, and it is recommended that you do this on a 'test' system.

  The line-by-line monitor also allocates shared memory to track these
  statistics for each line of each routine selected. This is taken from
  the general shared memory already allocated by Cache and should be
  considered if you are using '*' wildcards and trying to analyze a large
  number of routines. If the monitor fails to start due to a problem with
  memory allocation, you may need to increase the GenericHeapSize parameter in
  the system configuration. You may use the 'Memory Requirements' option to see
  how much memory a collection would need (without starting the collection).

1.) Start Monitor
2.) Memory Requirements

Enter the number of your choice: 1

Enter routine names to be monitored on a line by line basis.
Patterns using '*' are allowed.
Enter '?L' to see a list of routines already selected.
Press 'Enter' to terminate input.

Routine Name: DGMHV                      (1 routine added to selection.)
Routine Name: DGMHVAC                    (1 routine added to selection.)
Routine Name: DGMHVUTL                   (1 routine added to selection.)
Routine Name: DGPREP1                    (1 routine added to selection.)
Routine Name: DGRPC                      (1 routine added to selection.)
Routine Name: DGRPC3                     (1 routine added to selection.)
Routine Name: DGRPCE1                    (1 routine added to selection.)
Routine Name: 

Select Metrics to monitor
  1) Monitor Minimal Metrics
  2) Monitor Lines (Coverage)
  3) Monitor Global Metrics
  4) Monitor All Metrics
  5) Customize Monitor Metrics

Enter the number of your choice: <1> 2

Select Processes to monitor
  1) Monitor All Processes
  2) Monitor Current Process Only
  3) Enter list of PIDs

Enter the number of your choice: <1> 1

Monitor started.

Press RETURN to continue